# What's new in v0.6.3

## Shiny new things

- Hide From Timeline option for subscriptions to make your timeline cleaner.
- BitTorrent attachment support and qBittorrent integration.

## Improvements

- Clearer loading indicators for both the entry list and the subscription list (e81220d)
- The hyperlink in the article preview has been added with an emphasis color. (db67ec8)
- Search results now persist across navigation.
- Sort feed by subscription count or update per week in feed management.
- Notification support for inbox.

## No longer broken

- Fresh entries are no longer incorrectly auto‑marked as read after a list refresh. (d3d1e05)
- Fixed the timing of masonry column width calculations to avoid layout glitches. (17389d9)
- Removed placeholders in the picture waterfall view to prevent incorrectly layout redraws. (3c4b152)
- Corrected initial height calculation for items in the picture waterfall view. (82a3537)
- Fixed the Microsoft Store build not being recognized by deep links. (943ef31)
- Right-click context menu shortcut can't trigger the context menu. (b44bf71)
- Text in the social media view is now selectable.
- Translation settings can not be toggled.
- Fixed can not mark read/unread for starred entries.
- Feeds with invalid site URLs being hidden in the feed list.
- List with unread entries being hidden when Hide Read option is enabled.
- Inbox can not receive text only emails like Gmail Forward verification.

## Thanks

Special thanks to volunteer contributors @kovsu, @cscnk52, @yansq, @hellosunghyun for their valuable contributions
